>> The US Government UFO
Disclosure Report is due this
summer, but did a former
government intelligence
official just reveal too much?
We're reading between the
lines and unpacking what
his statements really meant.
This is Gaia News.
[THEME MUSIC]
As we've previously reported,
the Intelligence Authorization
Act for 2021 included
language calling
on the director of National
Intelligence along with heads
of other intelligence
agencies to submit a report
and detailed analysis of all
unidentified aerial phenomena
collected or held by
the US government.
That report is due
in June of this year.
But in a recent interview with
Fox News' Maria Bartiromo,
the former director of National
Intelligence, John Ratcliffe,
had some interesting
comments regarding
the report and UFO
activity including,
quote, when we talk
about sightings,
we are talking about objects
that have been seen by Navy
or Air Force pilots, or have
been picked up by satellite
imagery that frankly
engage in actions that
are difficult to
explain, movements
that are hard to replicate
that we don't have
the technology for,
or traveling at speeds
that exceed the sound
barrier without a sonic boom.
What's the takeaway here?
What did we really learn?
Nick Pope, who worked for
the UK's Ministry of Defense
investigating UFOs, weighs
in on the importance
of Ratcliffe's statements.
>> I really think the impact
of this can't be overstated.
I mean, here, there
were a number of things.
It was fairly short,
the interview,
but a number of different
related revelations in them,
which to me was
the bombshell, was
we track these things
on multiple sensors,
including satellite.
So it was just this
throwaway remark.
He said, well, you know, what?
It's not just one
sighting from a pilot here
or a satellite there.
And you could say, if you
look at the Intelligence
Authorization Act for 2021 where
this requirement was originally
articulated, it does say,
we want data from sources,
including geospatial
intelligence.
So for people who are looking
closely, it was there,
but this was absolutely
the first time that really
for the public and the media.
He said, yeah, we tracked
these things on satellite.
>> What about his
statement regarding, quote,
movements that are
hard to replicate?
>> And the implicit point here
was that it almost implies
a new physics or certainly a
new understanding of the laws
of physics.
And for him to specifically
mention, for example,
traveling through
the sound barrier
but with no sonic boom, what
he's really saying there,
and I think with all these
statements with people
like this, you need to
read between the lines.
As I say, what
he's really saying
is that these things
behave in an unusual way,
in ways that our own
technology doesn't behave in.
When we accelerate an aircraft
through the sound barrier,
there was a sonic boom.
So he, Ratcliffe here, is
specifically pointing out
where these things don't
align with our understanding
of things from
terrestrial craft.
>> At one point in the
interview, Ratcliffe said,
quote, I actually wanted
to get this information out
and declassified
before I left office.
But we weren't
able to get it down
into an unclassified format
that we could talk about
quickly enough.
>> That's a huge admission
because, of course, for years,
the US government position was
nobody's interested in UFOs,
nobody in government is
researching and investigating.
If there were
programs, they just
had sightings from the public.
Mr. or Mrs. Smith seeing
some vague lights or shapes
in the sky and they turn
around and say, well, it's
probably just aircraft
or weather balloons.
But to say, look, this
whole UFO phenomenon,
we've got information
whether at pilot, satellites,
UFOs behaving in ways that
our own technology does.
But not only if we
got this information,
but we're struggling
to get it declassified.
Well, why?
>> When we see
interviews like this,
what should we watch out for?
>> When any of these
intelligence officials start
talking about this, watch
for the examples they give.
Join the dots.
Look for those commonalities
in the language they use,
the words and phrases,
the examples, and then
see who else has used the
same or very similar ones.
And you can join the
dots between these people
and you can kind of
sometimes figure out
who's talking to who.
And if not, who's
been briefed by who,
certainly who's had
the same briefing.
That's not just interesting,
that's important.
>> In December of
2020, Haim Eshed,
the former head of the Israeli
Defense Ministry Space Division
claimed that a galactic
federation had been in contact
with the United States and
Israeli governments for years.
Adding, the Trump administration
was going to disclose it,
but the aliens ask humans
not to reveal their presence
because the general
public was not ready.
Now, this statement from a
former intelligence official,
what's the connection?
>> There is an extremely
interesting and important
connection between Haim Eshed's
interviews and then the former
director of National
Intelligence for Trump says,
yeah, we wanted to get this out
but there wasn't time to get
this into an
unclassified format.
And it's kind of the
same thing but wrapped up
in different phraseology.
It's exactly what I mean about
looking for the same thing said
by different people but where
you figure that they're either
the same insiders who
know the same things,
or they have been privy to
the same classified briefings.
>> A lot of information was
revealed in this interview
but there is more to learn.
Did this former director
of National Intelligence
accidentally reveal too much?
Or was this plan to prepare
us for bigger things to come?
That remains to be seen.
The full report is due
in June but some experts
warn it could be
extended or delayed.
And still, we don't know
what will remain classified
and what information will
be released to the public.
But we'll keep reading
between the lines
and connecting the dots as we
continue to follow this story.
For a new perspective,
this is Gaia News.